Okay,
guys,
No.
We know how to mark a single cell as a named range.
Never gonna have a look at using a range of cells as a named range on conduce.
Just finish off these formulas here by hitting that plus that,
then copying that down.
And that works.
Jolly well,
now,
just as a recap when we did when we did v lookups in the last section Let me just copy this
for a second copy.
And I'm just going to pace it in a couple of times.
Here.
What happened?
Waas,
we said,
equals we look up.
Oops,
relook oppo.
We look up that comma and then we highlighted our range.
Which would be this here if you wanted to return our sell price,
You say 1234 Coming full coming.
False.
But again,
just as we did in the last lecture.
If we copy that formula down,
we can see that it works perfectly well here.
But by hitting F two,
we can see that that range is moving down in line without dragging the formula.
So what we're gonna do this time,
we're gonna delete all of those and what we're gonna do is highlight all of this range
we're going to call it which we call.
Let's call it my first range on hit.
Enter.
So now if I clicked here,
we can see that that say's mark up here just says C three.
But here it no say's my first range.
And just like before,
we can say equals.
We look up from brackets.
Look at this comma,
my first,
and you can see that excels helping us out by saying,
I have a named range called My first range Couldn't double click that.
And here it is Kama Full comer,
false and enter.
And no,
I can copy.
Don't down on every single time and I hit have to.
It's always going to look at exactly the same range because we've named it on.
Similarly,
just like with the single cell reference named Range,
we can flip over here and we could say apples because I equals look up over records.
We want to look at Apple's.
I think it's actually Apple,
so this is not gonna work.
My first range comma full coming,
falls on encircle.
It shines out to Apple that will probably work much better,
and they go so you can call your named range from anywhere on.
The useful thing with name ranges,
obviously is you can call them something useful.
So when you're looking at your formula,
it's much easier to understand what it is it's actually doing okay,
so let's have a look at it.
Another way of name and ranges in the next lecture.
I'll see you then.